hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2009 fantasy adventure film
Harry Potter and the half-blood Prince
the sixth Harry Potter film so let's get
started this film does require that
you've seen the previous films if you
need a spoiler for it check out the link
in the cards as the film begins we seem
Voldemort is gaining power in both the
Wizarding and milk worlds kidnapping the
wand maker Ollivander and destroying the
Millennium Bridge after his father's
arrest Draco Malfoy is chosen by
Voldemort to carry out a secret task
Snape makes in a breakable vow with
Draco's mother Narcisa the Hugh help
Draco and fulfill the promise if he
fails we transition to see Harry
accompany Dumbledore to a visit a former
potions professor Horace Slughorn and
convinced him to return to Hogwarts to
teach Harry reunites with his friends
and visits throngs from twin brothers
joke shop and Diagon Alley which they
opened after dropping out of school
however they see Drake you enter into a
dark alley with a group of Death Eaters
Harry is convinced that will dorme Draco
a Death Eater but Ron and Hermione are
skeptical at Hogwarts Harry receives an
old potions book filled with old notes
and spells for his previous owner the
half-blood Prince using the book Harry
begins to do exceptionally well in
potions a class he often struggled in
and receives a vial of Felix Phyllis's
which grants its users perfect look Ron
joins the Quidditch team and begins a
relationship with lavender brown which
makes remaining jealous hair reveals to
Hermione that he has feelings for Ron
sister Ginny at Christmas with the
Weasleys Harry discusses his suspicions
with the order of the Phoenix and it is
revealed that draco may have been
interested in a vanishing cabinet which
allows the transport of items between
two cabinets
Bellatrix other Death Eaters arrive and
set fire to the Weasley
Bekka Hogwarts Ron is nearly killed by
drinking poisonous Mead that was
intended for Dumbledore as he is
recovering rod murmurs Hermione's name
ending his relationship with lavender
harry confronts Malfoy and severely
injures Malfoy with one of the
half-blood prince spells Snape
intervenes and heals Draco Harry and
Ginny hide in a secret room called the
Room of Requirement and they both share
their first kiss Dumbledore shows Harry
memories of a young Tom Riddle and has
revealed that Slughorn has a vital
memory to defeating Voldemort Harry
needs to convince Slughorn to give the
true memory of his conversation with
young Tom Riddle Harry uses the felix
Filosa slug potion and gets the true
memory they learned that Voldemort
wanted information on creating Horcruxes
or way to split your soul into objects
to protect your life Dumbledore
concludes that Voldemort must have done
this splitting his soul seven times and
that two of the Horcruxes are already
destroyed Tom Steyer and Tom's mother's
ring which Dumbledore has destroyed
Harry and Dumbledore traveled to a
seaside cave to try to find slytherins
locket another Horcrux after facing many
challenges they take the locket and
return to Hogwarts meanwhile draco
helped several Death Eaters enter
Hogwarts through a vanishing cabinet in
the Room of Requirement
Dumbledore makes Harry hide and then
Draco arrives disarms Dumbledore
revealing he was chosen to kill
dumbledore but Draco is unable to do so
so Snape steps in performing the killing
curse Avada Kedavra and kills down the
door
Harry tries to fight Snape but Snape
overpowers him or feeling that he's
actually the half-blood Prince the Death
Eaters escape and the next days the
staff at students mourn Dumbledore's
death
Harry reveals to Ron and Hermione that
the locket they found was a fake and it
contained a message stating that someone
with initials are a bee stole the real
locket with the intent of destroying it
the gang decides that they will skip
their final year of school and vowed to
seek and destroy the remaining
praxis so that was the spoilers for
Harry Potter and the half-blood Prince
if you have a film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on the various forms of social media and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching